docs/algorithm.md, before:

# setBoxValue function.
1. Add event listener to button in adjust-button section.
1. Selecting this button will trigger a prompt.
1. Prompt will ask whats the size of the box store it on `boxes`
1. check if input is more than 100, or less than one trigger an alert.
1. check if input is not number and trigger an alert.
1. if false:
    1. call clearBox
    1. pass the boxes to `generateBox`

# Init function.
1. create a `let` that takes a number value named `boxes`
1. use `boxes` to `setBoxValue` parameter.

# generateBox function
1. select the `sketch-box` class within the .main-content element.
1. create a for loop (`rowGenerator`) with a variable `row` with a value starting 0, while it is less than `boxes`
    ### In each iteration of `rowGenerator`
    1. create a div element
    1. set its class to `sketch-row`
    1. append it inside `sketch-box`
    1. create a for loop (`cellGenerator`) with a variable `cell` with a value starting 0, while it is less than `boxes`
        ### in each iteration of `cellGenerator`
        1. create a div element
        1. set its class to `cell`
        1. append it to `sketch-row`

# changeCellColor function
1. select the `sketch-box` element within the `.main-content` element.
1. add a `mouseover` event listener on it.
1. when the event triggers
    1. if the event target class contains `.cell`
        1. get the rgb color using `generateColors` function
        1. change the color using `generateColors` attributes, which is rgb.
        1. get the opacity value of `.cell`
        1. if the opacity value of .cell is less than 1.0
            1. increase the opacity by 0.1

# generateColor function
1. generate a number using math random thrice, assign it on `red`, `green`, `blue` variables
2. return it as a list in red, green, blue format. 

# clearBox functon
1. select all `sketch-row` element
1. if any exists
    1. loop through each
    1. remove each of it

Commit message:

docs: Add tech stack used

docs/algorithm.md, after:

# setBoxValue function.
1. Add event listener to button in adjust-button section.
1. Selecting this button will trigger a prompt.
1. Prompt will ask whats the size of the box store it on `boxes`
1. check if input is more than 100, or less than one trigger an alert.
1. check if input is not number and trigger an alert.
1. if false:
    1. call clearBox
    1. pass the boxes to `generateBox`

# Init function.
1. create a `let` that takes a number value named `boxes`
1. use `boxes` to `setBoxValue` parameter.

# generateBox function
1. select the `sketch-box` class within the .main-content element.
1. create a for loop (`rowGenerator`) with a variable `row` with a value starting 0, while it is less than `boxes`
    ### In each iteration of `rowGenerator`
    1. create a div element
    1. set its class to `sketch-row`
    1. append it inside `sketch-box`
    1. create a for loop (`cellGenerator`) with a variable `cell` with a value starting 0, while it is less than `boxes`
        ### in each iteration of `cellGenerator`
        1. create a div element
        1. set its class to `cell`
        1. append it to `sketch-row`

# changeCellColor function
1. select the `sketch-box` element within the `.main-content` element.
1. add a `mouseover` event listener on it.
1. when the event triggers
    1. if the event target class contains `.cell`
        1. get the rgb color using `generateColors` function
        1. change the color using `generateColors` attributes, which is rgb.
        1. get the opacity value of `.cell`
        1. if the opacity value of .cell is less than 1.0
            1. increase the opacity by 0.1

# generateColor function
1. generate a number using math random thrice, assign it on `red`, `green`, `blue` variables
1. return it as a list in red, green, blue format. 

# clearBox functon
1. select all `sketch-row` element
1. if any exists
    1. loop through each
    1. remove each of it

# Tech Stack:
Front-end:
 - HTML (UI)
 - CSS (UI)
 - JavaScript (Interactivity)
